feat: improve README for end-users (#54)
b-long/ohpygossh: README.md

not to create churn or spur conversations that may upset other developers,
and/or cause debate without offering solutions.

## Usage

Install the library:

```bash
pip install ohpygossh
```

Import and use the library to perform SSH operations:

```python
from ohpygossh.gohpygossh import Run, Upload, Download

# SSH connection parameters
#
# The remote hostname or IP address
ssh_server = "example.com"
# Your user account on the remote machine
ssh_user = "ubuntu"
# A PEM encoded private key file (like ~/.ssh/id_ed25519 )
private_key = "/path/to/private/key"

# Execute a command on a remote host
output, err = Run(ssh_server, ssh_user, private_key, "ls -la")

# Upload a file to the remote host
err = Upload(ssh_server, ssh_user, private_key, "/local/file.txt", "/remote/file.txt")

# Download a file from the remote host

> err = Download(ssh_server, ssh_user, private_key, "/remote/file.txt", "/local/file.txt")

Author: ```suggestion
output = Run(ssh_server, ssh_user, private_key, "ls -la")

# Upload a file to the remote host
Upload(ssh_server, ssh_user, private_key, "/local/file.txt", "/remote/file.txt")

# Download a file from the remote host
Download(ssh_server, ssh_user, private_key, "/remote/file.txt", "/local/file.txt")
```
